destiny arrives all the same and now
it's here what should I say I am
the tesseract or your brother's head
resurrections this time there are two
more stones on earth find the my
children and bring them to me on time
bring me the stem
[Music]
so me a group will go with the pirate
age and the morons will go to nowhere to
try to stop battles I know something he
doesn't he finds it out
the entire universe could be at risk
what do you know reality can be whatever
that's why I trusted you to find the
soul stone stone demands a sacrifice
[Music]
come on get a situation I think I've
done theirs in trouble what's your point
Lisa mr. Fitz not expecting it so I say
we take the fight to him yeah we got one
advantage he's coming to us we'll use it
all right I have a plan
when forward in time to view alternate
futures to see all the possible outcomes
of the coming conflict how many did you
see 14 million six hundred five
how many rule in one I'm gonna hold it
open that's suicide
so it was facing silence without that
axe
[Music]
[Applause]
I think you'll find our will be cool
[Music]
good
where is Gomorrah
[Music]
stop spare his life and I will give you
the stone
[Music]
this is no place to die
there was no other way
well
you
[Music]